Improving the checkin performance
---------------------------------

Apart from caching the information, query optimization, and minor login
change we are thinking about the ways to improve the performace.

Right now, checkin of an assembly will wipe out the whole structure
from the cits [nfmsetcit , pdmcit, and y_catalog table], and re-inserts 
them into the cits every time [Every time] the user checks in the assembly.
No matter whether the structure has changed or not, this happens. This
way we are penalizing the user who check outs the assembly file for
just creating some more geometry, or to do some operation which needs
the to be checked out. But the users expectation will be performance
degradation related to the change they make [The best would be no
performance degradation at all]. 

Why did we do this in PDM2.0 design
----------------------------------
1. Deactivate[save] and Checkin were distinct operations. There is no easy
   and clean way to  know whether a structure is altered or not. It 
   becomes increasingly difficult with Exit, Exit without Save, Exit from
   Ems, Logout from PDM, and crashes.

2. Even though the structure might not have altered, the dynamic
   placement information might have altered {dynamic attributes, Usage id etc].

How can we avoid this "all the time cleanup and insert" methodology for the
users who aren't altering the structurea . Any ideas in this will 
really help in improving the performance of checkin. 

Some ideas
----------

I.  Flag in the OS to indicate to the change in the 
    1st level children information. 

Issues with this approach

1. How do we implement this flag? Is it going to be equivalent to 
   checksum of a file {Jamal , Can we do  a checksum for the directory
   tree alone???}

2. Can we {Should we} keep track of all the operations which will
   affect the 1st level information {Structure and the dynamic information}.

3. Is there a API from EXNUC which can do this book keeping for us?
   {Create a channel for all the GRparts. If any changes, some 
    notification happens}

4. How much of impact is this to the existing commands other than checkin?
  

