   Last update: 10/14/88 (srh)

   NOTES FOR THOSE TRYING TO COMPREHEND THIS DIRECTORY'S FILES

   o  Files:

         README        - this file; should be read before modifying or 
                         compiling the code in this directory.

         make.m        - It is VERY IMPORTANT that this file be executable
                         and empty!!!!  It prevents the automatic makefile
			 generation utilities from trashing the makefile 
			 used to do compiling in this directory.

         makefile      - Custom makefile for compiling code in this directory;
                         NOT automatically generated by makemake!!!

			 The following exportable shell variables must be 
			 set up for the makefile to work properly:
                          
			   BS     - b-spline math library
			   
			   GRNUC  - directory where I/DRAFT platform is
				    delivered
			   EXNUC  - directory where I/IGE platform is 
				    delivered

         COparse.y     - yacc source file:  expression parsor COexpr_yyparse
                         is produced from this code

         COlex.l       - lex source file used to produce the lexical anylizer
                         COexpr_yylex which is called by the parser
                         COexpr_yyparse

   o  COlex.o is dependent upon the include file y.tab.h.  This file is
      automatically generated by yacc.  Thus, ALWAYS make COparse.o BEFORE 
      you make COlex.o !!!

   o  The makefile in this directory is NOT generated by makemake!  It 
      knows about lex and yacc files and how to produce unique symbols
      in the .c files produced by lex and yacc. It should be made with
      the -r option so that the dependency rules that it defines are used.
      Study it before modifying it!!!  

   o  When COlex.l is compiled the following warning is produced by cpp:

         "COlex.C", 212: cpp warning - redefinition of NLSTATE

      As far as I can tell this is harmless.  It is apparently caused by a 
      bug in lex.  Both definitions of NLSTATE are identical so there is no
      need to be overly concerned.

   o  Lex I/O macros input() and unput(c) have been overriden.  Be VERY 
      careful if you modify these!!!

